# Agile
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom            agile

# Android Dev
https://medium.com/feed/google-developers     android
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/hsDu     android
http://feeds.feedburner.com/sqisland          android
https://medium.com/feed/android-dev-br        android
https://medium.com/feed/@retomeier            android
https://medium.com/feed/@chethaase            android
https://medium.com/feed/@duhroach             android
https://android.jlelse.eu/feed                android
https://medium.com/feed/pointer-io            android
https://medium.com/feed/exploring-android     android
https://medium.com/feed/redmadrobot-mobile    android
https://labs.ribot.co.uk/feed                 android
https://medium.com/feed/google-developer-experts  android
https://medium.com/feed/@georgemount007       android
https://medium.com/feed/@enriquelopezmanas    android
https://9to5google.com/feed/                  android
https://medium.com/feed/square-corner-blog    android
https://medium.com/feed/@manuelvicnt          android

# Cloud Computing
https://kubernetes.io/feed.xml 		            cloud
https://prometheus.io/blog/feed.xml	          cloud
https://medium.com/feed/opentracing 	        cloud
https://www.fluentd.org/blog/feed.rss         cloud
https://grpc.io/feed.xml                      cloud
https://blog.envoyproxy.io/                   cloud
https://medium.com/jaegertracing              cloud
https://blog.linkerd.io/feed/                 cloud
https://nats.io/blog/index.xml                cloud
https://deis.com/sitemap.xml                  cloud
https://coredns.io/blog/index.xml             cloud
https://blog.vitess.io/feeds/posts/default    cloud
https://blog.rook.io/feed 		      cloud
https://blog.openpolicyagent.org/             cloud

# Data Science
https://ahmedbesbes.com/feeds/all.atom.xml    data-science
https://jeremykun.com/feed/		                data-science
http://iamtrask.github.io/feed.xml	          data-science
https://simplystatistics.org/index.xml	      data-science
http://www.evanmiller.org/news.xml 	          data-science
http://jakevdp.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml   data-science
https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blog/feed?promoted=1&xn_auth=no  data-science
https://mubaris.com/feed.xml 		              data-science
http://blog.kaggle.com/feed/ 		              data-science
http://www.danvk.org/atom.xml		              data-science
http://dogdogfish.com/feed/		                data-science

# Design
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed/        design
http://feedpress.me/uxbooth                   design

# Engineering
https://apigee.com/about/blog/blog.xml        engineering
https://www.infoq.com/feed                    engineering
https://medium.com/feed/netflix-techblog      engineering
http://typicalprogrammer.com/feed.xml         engineering
http://feeds.codecommit.com/codecommit        engineering
https://githubengineering.com/atom.xml 	      engineering
https://www.paypal-engineering.com/feed/      engineering
https://engineering.instagram.com/feed 	      engineering
https://engineering.foursquare.com/feed       engineering
https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering/feed    engineering
https://blogs.dropbox.com/tech/feed/ 	        engineering
https://blog.heroku.com/feed 		              engineering
https://developers.soundcloud.com/blog.rss    engineering
https://eng.uber.com/feed/ 		                engineering
https://developer.okta.com/feed.xml           engineering identity
https://auth0.com/blog/rss.xml                engineering identity
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/feed         engineering


# Go
https://blog.golang.org/feed.atom 	          go
https://dave.cheney.net/category/golang/feed  go
http://spf13.com/post/index.xml 	            go
https://medium.com/feed/@matryer	            go
https://carlosbecker.com/feed.xml 	          go
https://www.ardanlabs.com/blog/index.xml      go
http://www.alexedwards.net/static/feed.rss    go
http://www.minaandrawos.com/feed/	            go
https://jbrandhorst.com/index.xml 	          go
https://appliedgo.net/index.xml 	            go
https://blog.learngoprogramming.com/feed      go
https://gopher.net.br/feed/ 		              go
http://www.doxsey.net/blog/feed/index.xml     go
https://rakyll.org/index.xml 		              go
https://npf.io/index.xml		                  go

# Kotlin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/kotlin            kotlin
https://medium.com/feed/@jakewharton          kotlin

# News
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TechCrunch/       news
http://www.androidauthority.com/feed/         news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheHackersNew     news
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/               news
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index news
